Build a linux application that will accumulate amateur radio station spots from the
reverse beacon network using a telnet connection to the RBN.
An amateur radio call sign is used when connecting to the RBN. The default call sign
shall be W6JSV. The call sign used to connect to the RBN may be changed by a user
once the program is running.
Build a list of the received spots in a data structure retaining just one entry for each
spotted station. The spot retained for a given station will have the highest SNR for that
station if it is spotted multiple times on a single frequency. The speed retained will be
the average of reported speeds for a given spotted station. The frequency retained will
be the average reported frequency if spotted multiple times on frequencies within 1 kHz
of each other. Spots will be considered distinct if the reported frequencies are more than
1 kHz apart.
Entries in the data structure will be updated as new spots are accumulated. Old spots
will be purged from the data structure after a specified number of minutes since they
were last spotted.
Display the reported spots stored in the data structure to an ELO 24 character x 2 line
VFD Rear Facing Customer Display USB 2X20 E-Series E122426 / ESYxxE2x.
The ELO display will be on a serial com port. The com port to use is selected by the
user from a pull-down listing current defined com ports.
The com port settings shall be “9600, 8, n, 1”.
The program will not connect to the RBN until both the amateur radio call sign and com
port to use have been entered by the user or saved values for these settings have been
confirmed.
Display one spotted station per line on the ELO display. A line of the display will include
only the spotted frequency to 100 Hz resolution, spotted call sign and speed in WPM
looking like “14033.0 WO6W 24”.
The ELO display will show one or two spotted stations if there are only two spots to
report.
The display will roll lines from one spot to the next with a user specified interval between
each update of the display if there are more than two spots to display.
There will be radio buttons for the user to specify minimum SNR for a spot to be
captured in the data structure. Spots below the minimum SNR will be discarded. SNR
buttons in 10 dBm intervals.

There will be radio buttons for the user to specify maximum age for a spot before it is
purged.
There will be radio buttons for the user to specify the interval between each scroll of the
display if there are more than two active spots at any time. Each line of the display will
be written at full speed, scrolling by full lines at the user specified interval.
The program will save the current amateur radio call sign, minimum SNR and scrolling
interval when it exits. If previously saved, these values will be restored when the
program is run again. The saved state is stored in a .ini file that is person readable and
that the user can edit. The .ini file is stored in the executable file directory.

While there are no active spots to display, a single randomly selected character will be
displayed at a randomly selected position on the ELO display. A new random character
and random position will be selected at the user selected scrolling interval. The random
character will be displayed with an approximate 20% duty cycle.
The program window on the computer shall list the current filtered spots, the amateur
radio call sign and com port used for the RBN connection.
The display scrolling interval and minimum SNR values may be changed by the user at
any time while the program is running.

Write the application in Rust using the egui framework.
